Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-strategic-analysis-paper-strategic-use-of-information
<br>
Please watch the following videos on Michael Porter’s Five Forces model:

Video and article: What are ‘Porter’s 5 Forces’ explains Michael Porter’s five forces model.Video: The Five Competitive Forces That Shape Strategy – Michael Porter discusses his five forces model that is used to describe industry dynamics, which are important to consider in strategic approaches.Please watch this video: How Does Google Make Money? This video explains how Google uses information to make money. Google collects information from websites and adds it to its search engine. You type information into Google search and Gmail, and Google stores that information about you. Android devices send information to Google that is used to determine traffic patterns for Google Maps and to send you ads for businesses based on your location. Although Google is a technology company, it makes money from information, as this video explains. In your paper for this week, you will explore how other companies use information strategically.

Chapter 1 and the videos above describe Porter’s Five Competitive Forces model. Use the search term “information sharing in a supply chain” to find 2 peer-reviewed articles from academic journals about the use of information in supply chains or value chains. Write a summary of each article and explain how the use of information in each article relates to Porter’s Five Competitive Forces model. Discuss how information can be used strategically, based on the example(s) in the articles. Your paper should be in APA format and 3-4 pages, not counting the title page and reference pages. Make sure you have in-text citations and a reference page. The rubric for this assignment can be viewed when clicking on the assignment link.